<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Frameset//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-frameset.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:pt="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough">



<h:head>
	<title>System Informations</title>
</h:head>

<h:body>

	<ui:include src="/menu.xhtml" />
	<div style="margin-left: 15%; margin-right: 5%; margin-bottom: 5%; 
		width: 800px; text-align: justify; font-family: verdana">
		<h3>About the System</h3>
		<p><a href="https://github.com/natanjava/JSF-bootfaces" target="_blank">This system (version 2.0)</a> registers users, 
		   orders and companies.</p> 
		<p>
		Each logged in user has different privileges. Each new user registered in the system can log in with username/password.
		Those who have privileges to register new orders need to say which partner company will be associated whenever a new
		order is registered. 
		The order will be analyzed by an MANAGER. If the order is rejected, the MANAGER must explain why. 
		And when there is new order that have not been analyzed, a warning message will appear whenever an ADMINISTRATOR or 
		MANAGER accesses the first page of the system (user page).
		</p>
		
		<p><u>ADMINISTRATOR</u> has access to all parts of the system:
  			 User, Order, Company, Review and Reports pages, in terms of insertion, update and deletion.<br/>  
		   <u>MANAGER</u> can: analyze Order. Once an Order is approved/rejected by the MANAGER/ADMINISTRATOR, 
		    it is no longer possible to uptade, only delete.<br/>
		   <u>ASSISTENT</u> can: Insert, edit and delete Partner Companies.<br/>
		   <u>ALL USERS</u> can: acess the list of users, orders and partner companies that have been saved 
		     in the system. Generate reports on users, orders and companies.<br/>
		 </p>
		
		<h:graphicImage value="/resources/img/imgCaseS.jpeg" alt="User Case Diagram" width="800" height="600" />
		
		<p><b>Tolls - Technical Information:</b> Eclipse IDE, Postgresql, EC2 Amanzon Tecnology,
		Java Server Faces, Hibernate, CDI, BootFaces, JavaScript</p> 
		<p><a href="https://github.com/natanjava/JSF-bootfaces" target="_blank">GitHub Link</a>.  
		</p>
	</div>

</h:body>

</html>